Welcome back.
It's time to finish up this progressive webapp part.
If we scroll down here we see that because of create react up we're getting all these benefits of a
should.
Yes we have service workers registered and we have some great caching happening with service workers.
So let's double check that if we open up this app and go to our developer tools go to applications we
can go into our cache storage
and in the cache stores we see the S-W precast in here.
We see what we are caching a CSX.
We have some javascript and some funds that were caching perhaps over here we can add the sound file
of all the robots and if we scroll up to the service workers we see that there is a service worker that
is activated and running and it shows when it started.
And you can even click on register if you want.
Now the one thing that's missing though is the
we don't have that much in the manifest file.
We have some default from create re-act app but we have this Generica icon and it's kind of empty.
And if we go into our report we see that it's complaining that the manifest does not have icons that
are at least 192 pixels and 5 12 pixels.
So let's go ahead and do that.
If you remember we have the father on generator and in here we can just select a picture a screen capture
that just took of one of our robots.
It's going to generate for us everything that we need.
I could have done a better job in making sure that my image is a square.
But for now we can just continue with this picture and they'll do everything for you.
As you can see here they have all the settings for us that we can use for.
We can see what's going to look like we can see what it is going to look like on Android and also on
Windows.
Very very cool.
And we can customize the look of our app so we can just click generate
and this might take a bit of time depending on your internet connection.
But hopefully by the end of it we have everything we need.
First let's download our package.
Let's open this up and we have a great set of icons that we can use.
And we have nice steps laid out for us.
So we want to extract this back kitchen the root of our Web site let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to move the package that we just downloaded or we're going to put all the files that we
just used in the public folder up let's copy paste here and we're going to replace the Fabrikant
and the third step is to insert the following code in the section of your page.
So let's just copy and paste this go to index Dodd G-S or index dot HMO and we can just
this code and let's save this again.
We're going to run NPM non-capital MBM run deploy
and we're going to have to wait a little bit to make sure that our changes propagate and then we're
going to test on Lighthouse.
But also looking at this I don't see the sizing that the lighthouse report gave us.
If you remember they wanted an icon with size 1 2 and 5 12 pixels.
Let's go ahead and have those.
Now the other thing we want to do is go into the manifest adjacent file and this is where we had the
icons and we see that the sizes of 192 and 5:12 that the lighthouse report complained about is not here
so let's just add those
and we'll say that we want this one the Android Chrome one to buy 192.
So we'll say Android Chrome one I need to buy one or two sizes is going to be one way to buy a 192 and
the type is going to be Image TNG because well that's what it is.
And that should be TNG as well.
And then you see here that we don't have the size 512 that we generated.
So let's just say that it will use this one instead.
There's something that you can just manually do this yourself was well let's just say 384 by 384 picture.
One display as well because we're going to say that the size is going to be five 12 by 12.
But you can modify this and create this that matches the size properly.
Let's save and then run NPM run deploy.
All right.
Looks like it's published.
Let's just go back now to our re-act up and we can go back to our Web site.
We see that our private con is updated.
It doesn't have this re-act logo anymore.
And if we open up the application folder and let's refresh what we have a syntax error and looks like
in our manifest file we made a little mistake and line 10.
We should have added a comma and by the way to show you that it does work if I do NPM start and just
test locally
but can see that we have the new icon.
If I open the application folder manifest we have the add to homescreen button that on mobile will pop
up if the user visit the website multiple times and I can even do this on my laptop as well.
And if we scroll down we see our images.
So if we deploy it should all work.
All right let's check it out.
If I go to the application and refresh if we scroll down.
All right we see our icons 192 and 512.
I even have the add to home screen button and this home screen button will obviously appear on our mobile
device if we're using the website a lot but also over here at the site to your laptop.
But I don't really want to do that.
Let's submit this to Lighthouse and see what happens.
And again I keep reminding you this sometimes when you deploy it takes a long time.
The best way to check is if you go to your get hub
and we can go to whichever repository you're using and if you go to your branch get help pages you can
see what you're deploying.
In our case you can see that we have index studies Shamal with our images.
If I go to asset.
Oh no not this one.
If I go back and go to dot manifests if I can find it.
Oh there you go.
Manifested Jaison.
I see that everything's been updated here all right.
Moment of truth if I go close this and do lighthouse lab generate report.
Wish me luck.
Oh yeah look at that.
100 100 100 100.
This performance could be improved.
Again this is because of my internet connection.
It's not too too bad.
But these are things that we can easily optimize.
How cool is that though.
That was pretty easy to implement a progressive Web app.
Right.
Just a little bit of work a day's work and you can have your app be a lot closer to mobile apps.
Now as you know having a progressive Web app is a lot more than just loading a couple of images but
it's nice to know that create re-act app takes care of it for us so that we can worry on performance
improvements accessibility and other best practices.
For now though we worked hard.
Go ahead and start playing around with the app see what else you can improve.
But ladies and gentlemen we've got ourselves a progressive Web site.
I'll see in the next one by.